chore: added lab for weather app to review fetch API in frontend cert (#538)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: frontend-cert/js-projects/weather-app/user-stories.md

You should have an `img` element for displaying the weather icon.

You should have a `span` element for displaying the main temperature.

You should have a `span` element for displaying what the temperature feels like.

You should have a `span` element for displaying the amount of humidity in air.

You should have a `span` element for displaying the wind speed.

You should have a `span` element for displaying the wind gust.

You should have a `span` element for displaying the main weather type.

> You should have a `span` element for displaying the current location.

Reviewer: It would be good to mention the `id` of the respective element so you can test them in javaScript.

For example:

- You should have a `span` element with the `id` `main-temperature` for displaying the main temperature.

- You should have a `span` element with the `id` `feels-like` for displaying how the temperature feels like.

Author: I thought of that but then again I thought that maybe the campers would want to name them as they see fit. But Now that you say that, yeah I should. I'll make the changes right away.

Author: I have implemented your suggestions, can you take another look?

You should have an `img` element with the id `weather-icon` for displaying the weather icon.

You should have a `span` element with the id `main-temperature` for displaying the main temperature.

You should have a `span` element with the id `feels-like` for displaying what the temperature feels like.

You should have a `span` element with the id `humidity` for displaying the amount of humidity in air.

You should have a `span` with the id `wind` element for displaying the wind speed.

You should have a `span` with the id `wind-gust` element for displaying the wind gust.

You should have a `span` with the id `weather-main` element for displaying the main weather type.

> You should have a `span` with the id `location` element for displaying the current location.

Author: @jdwilkin4 I have implemented your suggestions.

You should ask the user for location on load using an event listener.

> You should notify the user if geolocation is not available in the browser.

Author: @jdwilkin4 I have your wording with slight change at the end. If the campers do any research they will find a number of different freeCodeCamp article explaining how to ask for location and check whether geolocation is available or not.

You should have an asynchronous function named `getWeather` to fetch the weather information from the api.

The `getWeather`asynchronous function should accept the location you received from the user as input.

> You should handle any error during wihin the `getWeather` function during or after the request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should handle any errors that occur within the `getWeather` function, whether during or after the `geolocation` request.
```
